CASMPET-5914: Add in steps to recover from a failed export (#2299)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/package_repository_management/Nexus_Export_and_Restore.md

```bash
kubectl delete pvc -n nexus nexus-bak
```

### Cleanup failed or stopped export

If an export is stopped prematurely or fails to complete there is a few steps that need to be taken to bring Nexus back into a working state.

> 1. Delete the failed or stopped job, see [Cleanup export job](#cleanup-export-job)

Reviewer: do these anchors exist in this (or other file)? (cleanup-export-job and cleanup-previous-export)

Author: They are links the the same file. Are they not working for you?

Reviewer 2: They worked for me.

Reviewer: sorry -- i forgot the auto-anchor thing.  never mind :)

> 1. Delete the failed or stopped job, see [Cleanup export job](#cleanup-export-job)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Delete the failed or stopped job.

    See [Cleanup export job](#cleanup-export-job).

```

> 1. Delete the partially filled export PVC, see [Cleanup previous export](#cleanup-previous-export)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Delete the partially filled export PVC.

    See [Cleanup previous export](#cleanup-previous-export).

```

> 1. If the export was stopped or failed delete the partially filled export PVC, see [Cleanup previous export](#cleanup-previous-export)

Reviewer 2: should this be "failed TO delete the partially..."?

Author: It should drop the first half of that sentence as its redundant.

> 1. Restart Nexus if it is still stopped, depending on where the job failed the Nexus pods may still be down

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Restart Nexus if it is still stopped.

    Depending on where the job failed the Nexus pods may still be down.

```

>     1. (`ncn-m#`) Check if the Nexus pods are down by:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-mw#`) Check if the Nexus pods are down.
```

        ```bash
        kubectl get pods -n nexus | grep nexus
        ```

>     1. (`ncn-m#`) If the Nexus pod is not found scale up on any master NCN:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-mw#`) If the Nexus pod is not found, then scale it back up.
```
